{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2577
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 - How do I justify my choice as 1 for skew? I think I should actually go with 0.75 because of Aleutian Islands and other regions that are currently classified as mid-dominant that I think should be shallow dominant\
\
-Elsen and Tingley did a sensitivity analysis using a different grid cell resolution, should I do this also? Would be easy enough, I could just change the raster from 2 minute resolution to 6 minute resolution or something like that\
\
-What\'92s the story? \
	- In response to climate change, species have three options\'97adaptation, movement, or extinction. Many organisms are particularly sensitive to temperature, and are therefore on the move to find cooler habitats. In terrestrial habitats, cooler habitats are typically associated with higher elevations, and higher latitudes. Similarly, in the ocean, species tend to have to move poleward and deeper to escape the heat. There are many obstacles that may limit the ability for a species to track their ideal temperature conditions. For more sessile species such as plants and small invertebrates, movement is highly dependent on the seed or larval stages. The ability for propagule movement to facilitate range shifts may be restricted by transport vectors or generation time. }